pipeline: outputs: datadog: added documentation for site configuration field (#2032)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/outputs/datadog.md

| `dd_tags` | Optional. The [tags](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tagging/) you want to assign to your logs in Datadog. If unset, Datadog will look for the tags in the [`ddtags` attribute](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/logs/#send-logs).  | _none_ |
| `dd_message_key` | By default, the plugin searches for the key `log` and remaps the value to the key `message`. If the property is set, the plugin will search the property name key. | _none_ |
| `dd_hostname` | The host the emitted logs should be associated with. If unset, Datadog expects the host to be set with `host`, `hostname`, or `syslog.hostname` attributes. See [Datadog Logs preprocessor documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/log_configuration/pipelines/?tab=host#preprocessing) for recognized attributes. | _none_ |

> | `site` | Optional. The Datadog site to send logs to. Use `datadoghq.com` for US or `datadoghq.eu` for EU. If not specified, defaults to `datadoghq.com`. | `datadoghq.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `site` | Optional. The Datadog site to send logs to. Use `datadoghq.com` for US or `datadoghq.eu` for EU. If no value is specified, defaults to `datadoghq.com`. | `datadoghq.com` |
```

> | `site` | Optional. The Datadog site to send logs to. Use `datadoghq.com` for US or `datadoghq.eu` for EU. If no value is specified, defaults to `datadoghq.com`. | `datadoghq.com` |

Reviewer 2: I'd also suggest moving this option up to the top of the list and moving `Host` to the bottom as we prefer people use `site` for simplicity.
